Xiaotian, are you there?
Did something really happen to my parents?
Hurry up and get back as fast as possible
This is a 10-year-old dog
Taste is fragrance
come
How do you taste this dog that has been raised for 10 years?
Come and try it.
Taste it, meat, meat, meat
Hahahaha
Wife, this is Xiaotian
You can't eat it, you can't eat it, you can't eat it.
Toast without eating and being fined, right? It was the dragon just now
Now it's your turn.
Let go of me let go of me
Let go of me!
Let go of me! Put it around your neck! Let go of me!
Let go of me let go of me
Now admit that you bit a traitor's son
My son would never betray his country
Still beating me hard
Don't fight don't fight
again
Open open
Hurry up and don't fight
Stop hitting.
No fight no fight no fight no fight
Please stop fighting
Don't you admit it?
Stop hitting him, I admit it